[Music]
I see the moon sees me leave the old
trees the vehicles not safe
we need to fail we need to fail down
here so we don't fail up there so you
know everyone's in agreement we'd like
you to come and
[Music]
well that's wrong you think it has to
the moon
entire world's watching hi do you
question whether the programs worth the
cost in money in amongst one of the
chances do not come back
or those things they don't have a father
anymore great so you're gonna sit the
boys down and you're gonna prepare them
for the fat you might not ever come home
why do you think you're coming back
we have serious bubbles
we've got this under control you're a
bunch of boys you don't have anything
under control
[Music]
you